identify code modulo `immutable` and fix stdjson bundling from etherscan (#642)
dapphub/dapptools: src/seth/CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## unreleased

### Fixed

> - seth bundle-source writes the contents of standard-json to the current directory to enable better sourcemaps for multiple files version of etherscan source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- seth bundle-source writes the contents of standard-json to the current directory to enable better sourcemaps for multi-file etherscan source code.
```
